Nice job finishing this section!
Let's review what
you've learned so far.
We discussed how to
secure networks.
We also learned about
network intrusion tactics
like malicious packet
sniffing and IP spoofing.
Finally, we discussed how
a security analyst can
protect against these attacks.
You've learned
about DoS and DDoS
attacks like ICMP
flooding, SYN attacks,
and the ping of death,
which try to
overwhelming a network by
flooding it with
unwanted data packets.
Now, just think about everything you
know already about
network attacks.
What you've learned in
these videos will be
essential in your work
as a security analyst.
Coming up, you'll learn
about how security
analysts can protect
the network using various
security hardening techniques.